---
layout: page
title: Order 112
subtitle: 
image: /img/simple.png
image-link: /alg/groups/simple
comments: true
---
Let $$G$$ be a group with order 112. We show that $$G$$ is not simple.  
Note that $$|G| = 2^4\cdot7$$.  
Let us assume, for sake of contradiction, that $$G$$ is simple.  
Then, $$n_2 > 1$$ and $$n_7 > 1.$$  
The constraints given by Sylow Theorem (3) force $$n_2 = 7.$$  

Let $$G$$ act on Syl$$_2(G)$$ by conjugation.  
By Sylow Theorem (2), we know that this is a transitive action.  
Consider the corresponding natural homomorphism $$m:G\to S_7.$$  

By transitivity of the action, we know that ker $$m \neq G.$$ However, $$G$$ is simple by assumption and kernel is a normal subgroup. Thus, ker $$m = (1).$$  
This gives us that $$G$$ is isomorphic to a subgroup $$H$$ of $$S_7.$$ (To be precise, $$H = m(G).$$)  

Let us now analyse this subgroup $$H$$ and arrive at a contradiction.  
As $$|H| > 2,$$ it must have an even cycle distinct from 1. (This is easy to argue.)  
This shows that $$K = H \cap A_7$$ is nontrivial. ($$A_7$$ is the subgroup of even cycles.)  

Claim: $$K$$ is normal in $$H.$$  
_Proof._ Let $$h \in H.$$ We show that $$hKh^{-1} = K.$$  
Let $$x \in hKh^{-1}.$$ Then, $$x = hkh^{-1}$$ for some $$k \in K.$$  
As $$k \in K \subset H,$$ we know that $$x \in H,$$ by closure under products and inverses.  
Now, $$k \in A_n$$ and is thus, an even cycle. Therefore, its conjugate is also even. (This can be argued by using the fact that $$A_n$$ is normal or counting the number of transpositions.)  
Thus, $$k \in H \cup A_n = K.$$ This gives us $$hKh^{-1} \subset K.$$  
Equality follows by considering the fact that $$|hKh^{-1}| = |K|. \quad \blacksquare$$

Thus, $$K$$ is a normal subgroup of $$H$$ different from $$(1).$$ This forces $$K = H,$$ as $$H$$ is simple.  
Thus, $$H \cup A_n = H$$ and therefore, $$H \subset A_n.$$ Moreover, $$H \le A_n.$$  

However, $$|H| = 112$$ and $$|A_n| = 2520,$$ which leads to a contradiction as $$112 \not\mid 2520.$$  
Thus, we are done!