---
layout: page
title: Order 144
subtitle: 
image: /img/simple.png
image-link: /alg/groups/simple
comments: true
comments: true
---
Let $$G$$ be a group with order 144. We show that $$G$$ is not simple.  
Note that $$|G| = 2^4\cdot3^2$$.  
By Sylow Theorem (3), we get that $$n_3 \in \{1, 4, 16\}.$$

#### Case 1. $$n_3 = 1$$
In this case, we are done.

#### Case 2. $$n_3 = 4$$
In this case, let $$G$$ act on Syl$$_3(G)$$ by conjugation.  
Consider the corresponding natural homomorphism $$m:G\to S_4$$.  
By Sylow Theorem (2), ker $$m \neq G$$ as the action is transitive.  
Assume ker $$m = (1)$$. Then, $$m$$ is an injective map and thus, $$m(G)$$ has $$144$$ elements. However $$m(G) \le S_4$$ and $$|S_4| = 24$$, a contradiction.  
Thus, ker $$m$$ is a proper nontrivial subgroup of $$G$$.  
As kernels of homomorphisms are always normal, we are done.

#### Case 3. $$n_3 = 16$$
##### Case 3. (a) The intersection of any two Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is trivial
Thus, the number of elements in the union of all the Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is $$16(9-1) = 128,$$ after removing the identity.  
Now, note that any Sylow-$$2$$ subgroup and any Sylow-$$3$$ subgroup can intersect only trivially. Thus, the remaining $$144 - 128 = 16$$ elements must form the unique Sylow-$$2$$ subgroup.
This gives us that $$n_2 = 1$$ and thus, we are done.

##### Case 3. (b) The intersection of some two Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is non-trivial
Let $$P_1$$ and $$P_2$$ be the two subgroups in question.  
Note that $$|P_1| = |P_2| = 9$$ and thus, $$P = P_1 \cap P_2$$ must contain exactly $$3$$ elements.

Now, let $$N = N_G(P),$$ the normaliser of $$P$$ in $$G.$$  
As groups of order square of a prime are abelian ([proof](/alg/groups/p2-groups-abelian)), we get that $$P_1 \cup P_2 \subset N.$$  

Now, observe that if $$N$$ contains $$P_1$$ and $$P_2,$$ then $$N$$ must contain the set $$P_1P_2 = \{p_1p_2 : p_1 \in P_1,\; p_2 \in P_2\}.$$ (This set need not be a subgroup.)  

This gives us that $$|N| \ge |P_1P_2| = \dfrac{|P_1||P_2|}{|P_1 \cap P_2|} = 27.$$
Thus, the set of cosets $$G/N$$ has cardinality at most $$144/27 < 6.$$ ($$G/N$$ need not a group.)  
Let $$n = |G/N|.$$ We have shown that $$n \le 5.$$  

Consider the action of $$G$$ on $$G/N$$ given by left multiplication.  
This action is transitive and hence, the kernel of the corresponding homomorphism $$G \to S_n$$ is not the whole group $$G.$$  
However, ker $$m \neq (1)$$ either as $$n! \le 5! = 120 < 144.$$ (If ker $$m = (1),$$ then $$m$$ would be an injective map.)  

Thus, the kernel of $$m$$ is a nontrivial proper subgroup of $$G.$$ As kernels of homomorphisms are normal, we are done!