---
layout: page
title: Order 180
subtitle: 
image: /img/simple.png
image-link: /alg/groups/simple
comments: true
---
Let $$G$$ be a group with order 180. We show that $$G$$ is not simple.  
Note that $$|G| = 2^2\cdot3^2\cdot5$$.  
Let us assume that $$G$$ is simple. We shall arrive at a contradiction.  
By our assumption, we get that $$n_3 > 1$$ and $$n_5 > 1.$$  
By Sylow Theorem (3), the choices for $$n_3$$ are $$4$$ and $$10$$ and the choices for $$n_5$$ are $$6$$ and $$36.$$  

--- 

Claim 1. $$n_3 \neq 4$$  
_Proof._ Suppose not.  
Let $$G$$ act on Syl$$_3(G) = \{P_1, \ldots, P_4\}$$ by conjugation.  
Consider the corresponding natural homomorphism $$m:G\to S_4$$.  
By Sylow Theorem (2), ker $$m \neq G$$ as the action is transitive.  
Assume ker $$m = (1).$$ Then, $$m$$ is an injective map and thus, $$m(G)$$ has $$180$$ elements. However $$m(G) \le S_4$$ and $$|S_4| = 4!$$, a contradiction as $$180\not\mid4!.$$ This shows us that ker $$m$$ cannot be $$(1).$$  

Thus, ker $$m$$ is a proper nontrivial subgroup of $$G.$$  
As kernels of homomorphisms are always normal, we arrive at a contradiction as $$G$$ was supposed to be simple.  

---

Claim 2. $$n_5 \neq 6$$  
_Proof._ Suppose not.  
Consider the similar action as in the previous claim's proof.  
By our assumption of simplicity, we get that the kernel of the corresponding homomorphism $$m':G\to S_6$$ is trivial.  
Thus, $$G$$ is isomorphic to $$m(G) \le S_6.$$  

Let $$H = m(G).$$ As $$H$$ is simple and $$|H| > 2,$$ it follows that $$H$$ is a subgroup of $$A_6$$ as well. (See the proof of claim [here](112).)  
However, observe that $$|H| = 180 = |A_6|/2.$$  
This means that $$[A_6:H]=2.$$  
As subgroups of index 2 are normal, we get that $$H$$ is normal in $$A_6.$$  
However, this is a contradiction as $$A_6$$ is simple.  
($$A_n$$ is simple for $$n \ge 5.$$)

---

Thus, we now arrive at the conclusion that $$n_3 = 10$$ and $$n_5 = 36.$$

#### Case 1. Intersection of any two Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is trivial
Note the following:
1. Intersection of any two Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is trivial.  
2. Intersection of any two Sylow-$$5$$ subgroups is trivial.  
3. Intersection of any Sylow-$$3$$ subgroup with any Sylow-$$5$$ subgroup is trivial.

The above facts follow by considering the fact that the intersection would be a subgroup of the two bigger subgroups and would have to divide their orders. 

Thus, the union of all Sylow-$$3$$ and Sylow-$$5$$ subgroups contains $$36(5-1) + 10(9-1) + 1 > 180$$ elements, a contradiction.  

#### Case 2. Intersection of some two Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups is non-trivial
Let $$P_1$$ and $$P_2$$ be the Sylow-$$3$$ subgroups in question.  
Note that $$|P_1| = |P_2| = 9$$ and thus, $$P = P_1 \cap P_2$$ must contain exactly $$3$$ elements.

Now, let $$N = N_G(P),$$ the normaliser of $$P$$ in $$G.$$  
As groups of order square of a prime are abelian ([proof](/alg/groups/p2-groups-abelian)), we get that $$P_1 \cup P_2 \subset N.$$  

Now, observe that if $$N$$ contains $$P_1$$ and $$P_2,$$ then $$N$$ must contain the set $$P_1P_2 = \{p_1p_2 : p_1 \in P_1,\; p_2 \in P_2\}.$$ (This set need not be a subgroup.)  

This gives us that $$|N| \ge |P_1P_2| = \dfrac{|P_1||P_2|}{|P_1 \cap P_2|} = 27.$$
Thus, the set of cosets $$G/N$$ has cardinality at most $$180/27 < 7.$$ ($$G/N$$ need not a group.)  
Let $$n = |G/N|.$$ We have shown that $$n \le 6.$$  

Now, let $$G$$ act on $$G/N$$ by left multiplication.  
As this action is transitive, the kernel of the corresponding homomorphism $$\varphi:G\to S_n$$ cannot be the whole group $$G.$$  
However, as $$G$$ is simple, this only leaves us with the choice that ker $$\varphi = (1).$$  
Thus, $$\varphi$$ is an injective map and $$|G| = 180 \mid n!.$$  
We already knew $$n \le 6$$ but the above now forces $$n = 6.$$  

But the above has now left us in the same situation as the proof of Claim 2, where we showed that $$G$$ cannot be isomorphic to a subgroup of $$S_6.$$  

Thus, we are done!