---
layout: page
title: Order 90
subtitle: 
image: /img/simple.png
image-link: /alg/groups/simple
comments: true
---
Let $$G$$ be a group with order 90. We show that $$G$$ is not simple.  
Note that $$|G| = 2\cdot3^2\cdot5$$.  
Suppose that $$G$$ is not simple. Then, we have that $$n_3 > 1$$ and $$n_5 > 1.$$  
By the constraints forced by Sylow Theorem (3), we get that $$n_3 = 10$$ and $$n_5 = 6.$$  
Let Syl$$_3(G) = \{P_1, \ldots, P_{10}\}$$ and Syl$$_5(G) = \{Q_1, \ldots, Q_6\}.$$  
#### Case 1. Any two Sylow-$$3$$ intersect trivially.
It is clear that $$Q_i \cap Q_j = (1)$$ for all $$i, j \in \{1, \ldots, 6\}$$ and $$i \neq j.$$ ($$Q_i \cap Q_j$$ would have to be a proper subgroup of $$Q_i$$ which has prime order.)  
Also, $$Q_i \cap P_j = (1)$$ for all $$i \in \{1, \ldots, 6\}$$ and for all $$j \in \{1, \ldots, 10\}.$$ ($$Q_i \cap P_j$$ would have to be a subgroup of both $$Q_i$$ and $$P_j.$$ In particular, the order of their intersection would have to divide $$5$$ and $$9.$$)  
Thus, $$|Q_1 \cup \cdots \cup Q_6 \cup P_1 \cup \cdots \cup P_{10}| = 6(5-1) + 10(9-1) + 1 = 24 + 80 + 1 > 90,$$ a contradiction.
#### Case 2. WLOG, $$P_1 \cap P_2 \neq (1)$$
Let $$P = P_1 \cap P_2.$$  
Then, $$P$$ is a proper subgroup of $$P_1$$ and not equal to $$(1).$$ As $$|P|$$ divides $$|P_1|,$$ we get that $$|P| = 3.$$  

Let $$N = N_G(P),$$ the normaliser of $$P$$ in $$G.$$  
Note that $$P_1$$ and $$P_2$$ were groups of order $$9 = 3^2.$$ Thus, they were abelian. (See proof [here](/alg/groups/p2-groups-abelian).)  
Thus, $$P_1 \cup P_2 \subset N.$$  
$$\implies |N| \ge 9+9-3 = 15.$$  
Also, $$P_1 \subset N \implies 9 \mid |N|$$ and thus, $$|N| \ge 18.$$  
In particular, $$90/|N| \le 5.$$ (This will help us later.)  

Now consider the set of all cosets $$G/N.$$ (Note that this need not be a group but that is okay with us.)  
Consider the action of $$G$$ on $$G/N$$ by left multiplication. That is, let $$\varphi:G\times G/N\to G/N$$ be defined as $$\varphi(g, C) = gC = \{gc \in G : c \in C\}.$$ It is simple to check that this is a valid group action.  

Now, consider the corresponding natural homomorphism $$m:G\to S_n$$ where $$n = [G:N],$$ the index of $$N$$ in $$G.$$  
As the action is transitive, ker $$m \neq G.$$ Also, $$n = 90/|N| \le 5$$ and hence, $$90 \not\mid n!.$$  
This gives us that $$m$$ cannot be injective, for otherwise $$m(G)$$ would be a subgroup of $$S_n$$ with order $$90$$ and would have to divide $$|S_n| = n!.$$  

Thus, ker $$m$$ is a proper nontrivial subgroup of $$G.$$  
As kernels of homomorphisms are normal, we are done!