---
layout: post
blog-category: blog
title: Corona - 7
subtitle: The End
author: Aryaman Maithani
image: /img/covid-19.png
date: 2020-08-07 04:04:00 +05:30
tags: corona
---

4:04 AM  

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA, so I guess I just gave up on the blog.  
Pretty much just putting this post to "officially" bring an end to this "Corona - n" posting.  

Also, taking a moment to look back at this excerpt from Corona - 1:  

> Also quite worried about how the rest of the semester is planned. Will the semester get extended? Who knows. Heck, it isn't even guaranteed that the college _will_ resume after 29th March. Sigh. This could go on for much longer. :(

_That aged well._

As for an update, we have our semester starting in three days. My sleep schedule isn't the best, as one may have observed.  

Also, not very happy about the online semester. The library (and napping there) shall be missed. As shall the hangouts. I wonder how TA-ship would be like this semester. 

## Future of the blog
I am not sure, there might be some random blogs, maybe not particularly focusing about my life but rather my thoughts.  
To be honest, I don't usually have the energy to collect my thoughts and put it nicely enough. I had been planning on putting up a post on 28th June, marking one year of this website where I'd look back on the year. Sadly, no such thing happened which is a shame because this year had been better than expected in some ways.  
_You,_ specifically, might have even contributed to it in some way.

# To the anonymous ones
To the two (2) of you who asked me to continue, thank you for your messages. I didn't really expect an audience to read this, these were _supposed to be into the void_. However, I am happy to know that you liked reading these.  
No promises about any more, though.  

To those who have no idea what I'm talking about, it's in reference to [this form]({{ site.anon-form }}){:target="_blank"}. (Which I read quickly but respond to slowly.) It's nice to receive messages here randomly. If you have something to say, do consider sending it.  

Until next time, ciao for now.