---
layout: post
blog-category: blog
title: Corona - 1
subtitle: It begins
author: Aryaman Maithani
image: /img/covid-19.png
date: 2020-03-15 16:28:00 +05:30
tags: corona
---

So, our institute declared holidays until 29th March. Many have gone home. I chose to stay at the institute.  
From the looks of it, I might be in total isolation from IRL human contact for the next two weeks other than the strangers in the mess. Curious to see how this goes.

Until yesterday's holiday declaration, this whole pandemic hadn't really felt _real._ I was quite weirded out for a while after that. Felt like the vibes you get reading a post-apocalyptic book. In hindsight, that might feel a bit exaggerated. In fact, I'm curious to see how we would reflect upon this incident one year from now. Would it be a "little scare" or a major event in human history? Who knows.

I was quite disgusted with the reaction of the people around me. As soon as the mail regarding holidays was sent, I could hear the people around me chanting "Jai corona!". My reaction was quite the opposite. Do these people not realise that we still have to finish the classes and learn these things? Does no one really care about learning? Geez.  

Also quite worried about how the rest of the semester is planned. Will the semester get extended? Who knows. Heck, it isn't even guaranteed that the college _will_ resume after 29th March. Sigh. This could go on for much longer. :(  

I am also quite concerned about me possibly missing the classes I was supposed to be a TA for. I have a nice batch for this course whom I enjoyed teaching. (Granted I've had only one class yet but still.)  
  
One more (possibly concerning) thing to come out of this is how it put things into perspective. My biggest concern with this has been how my studies will be affected. I haven't really been worried about my health. Interesting.  

On a more positive note, I was sorta productive and made some changes to my site. Other than the two new blog posts of today, the other changes won't be very visible but they were quite nice nevertheless in terms of organisation of the source code of this website. Happy about that.  

I wonder who would be the first person to read this and how long from now will it be read.  
  
Fin.