---
layout: post
blog-category: blog
title: Corona - 4
subtitle: Duo
author: Aryaman Maithani
image: /img/covid-19.png
date: 2020-03-19 01:06:00 +05:30
tags: corona
---
#### 5:46 PM 18th March
Had breakfast and lunch. Have booked ticket for tomorrow (19/03/2020) night to go back. Procrastinating and dreading packing, ugh. Also, the mess selection of foods has gone down. No more bournvita-milk in the mess. I feel sad. :(  

Decided to skip snacks because of the above reason. Bought sanitiser and mask today. Sanitiser seems to be quite shady, though. Hopefully nothing to worry about. Not a very productive day otherwise. Napped in the morning after breakfast. Doubt that I'll do any Category theory today.  
I did happen to add a link for [anonymous message](https://forms.gle/faFYkmjNnevF5nBK9) today. Can be found at the bottom of every page now. Also updated the links of the [main page](/) to have tutorials and the anonymous message.  

#### 1:06 AM 19th March
Had dinner. Nice.  
Also, we got an email saying that yesterday (18th March) was last day for mess.  
So, no mess for today. Canteen is on, though. However, I don't know what time it opens. Not sure what I'll do. Definitely no breakfast, though. On the bright side, it means no waking up early.  

Was completely unproductive, though. No category theory and no packing either. Packing shouldn't be too time-consuming. However, that does not stop me taking intense stress about it. rip.  
  
Now, coming to the subtitle, had a Duo video call with WhatsApp _friends,_ some of them being people I haven't met ever met IRL. Was quite wholesome and fun. Duo sucked at quality, though. Hopefully we do it again on a better platform. Considering how this is the subtitle of this post, that's the highlight of the day.  

I guess that's all for the day. Looking forward to going back home. Better food and at more preferred timings. Funny considering how I originally was looking forward to the isolation in institute. Anywho, ciao for now.