---
layout: post
blog-category: blog
title: Corona - 2
subtitle: Philosophy
author: Aryaman Maithani
image: /img/covid-19.png
date: 2020-03-17 02:51:00 +05:30
tags: corona
---
Writing at 2:51 AM.  
Well, this is Day 2 in the sense that I talk about the stuff happened since the last post.  

The isolation from humans does not seem to have had any bad impact so far. I do stay connected with many owing to WhatsApp groups, so that's nice.  
I've also started having meals more consistently. Had lunch-snacks-dinner both the days earlier. This might be one of the best things to come out of this pandemic.  
  
I also watched a lot of stuff since the last post. I had been curious about Stoicism and Cynicism for quite some time now. Thanks to this free time, I could find out more about those. All of it was via YouTube. I also watched some other related videos on philosophy. One of them had this view about death that I'd had quite some time back. So that was nice (?) to see.  
I also caught up on Brooklyn Nine-Nine season 7 and finished the work reading a paper I was supposed to read. I also napped twice during the day despite having slept sufficiently the night before. Nice.  

Now, it is 2:57 AM and I shall soon go to sleep. I worry that I might miss my breakfast again. This is quite a shame as I do enjoy having breakfast. Maybe I can force myself in the morning. A nice driving force is the friends on WhatsApp who are sorta forcing me to eat consistently. Maybe "tomorrow" (today) I shall finally have breakfast. Fingers crossed.